Documentation for cpu offloading (#2520)
NVIDIA/TransformerEngine: docs/features/other_optimizations/cpu_offloading/cpu_offloading.rst

.. raw:: html
   :file: img/pcie_vs_nvlink.svg

*Figure 1. Traditional PCIe system vs GH200 Superchip with NVLink-C2C.*

Traditional **PCIe Gen5 x16** systems offer **128 GB/s** bidirectional bandwidth
between CPU and GPU, which limits offloading benefits.

With **NVLink-C2C** (GH200), bandwidth jumps to **900 GB/s** bidirectional,
making offloading increasingly attractive on modern NVIDIA superchips.
The GH200 pairs a Grace CPU with 512 GB LPDDR5X memory and a Hopper GPU
with 96 GB or 141 GB HBM3e, providing ample CPU memory for offloading activations.

Offloading/reloading consumes HBM bandwidth, which may compete with
computation — even when transfers are asynchronous. At full speed, this takes
up to **900 GB/s** of HBM bandwidth. However, GH200's HBM3e provides **~4.9 TB/s**,
so offloading/reloading uses less than 20%, making the impact on compute minimal.

CPU Offloading in Transformer Engine
------------------------------------

Transformer Engine supports CPU offloading of activations for sequences of layers, where each layer
consumes the output of the previous one — which is the case for most LLM architectures.
These layers do not need to be TE layers —

> they can be arbitrary PyTorch modules. The API is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These layers may be any PyTorch modules and not just TE layers.
Here is an example usage of the API:
```

.. note::

   Allocating pinned CPU memory is currently not graphable. Use
   ``retain_pinned_cpu_buffers=True`` and run a warm-up iteration before
   capture to pre-allocate buffers that are reused during replay.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: PyTorch

      .. literalinclude:: pytorch_cuda_graphs_example.py
         :language: python
         :start-after: # START_CUDA_GRAPHS_EXAMPLE
         :end-before: # END_CUDA_GRAPHS_EXAMPLE

Caveats
-------

.. warning::

   **Heuristic activation detection**:

   CPU Offloading is implemented using
   `PyTorch saved tensors hooks <https://docs.pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/autograd.html#saved-tensors-hooks-doc>`_.
   PyTorch saves various tensors for backward — not just activations, but also weights and other data.

   Activation detection is heuristic: all CUDA tensors that are not ``torch.nn.Parameter`` are offloaded.
   For TE layers, tensors that should not be offloaded are manually excluded.
   For non-TE layers, no such exclusions exist, so some tensors may remain pinned in GPU memory
   even after being copied to CPU (e.g., if the layer stores references in ``ctx``),

>    resulting in wasted bandwidth with no memory savings.

Reviewer: Maybe we should let the users here know how to WAR this for their custom functions (and probably it would be good to mention here that this problem is mostly for the custom autograd ops) by calling the mark_not_offload inside those custom ops?
